hey everybody welcome enter the land
please binding of issac afterbirth coal
us you plus me it doesn't equal us guess
I didn't know my calculus that's a song
by together a parody boyband from the
mid-2000s mostly it provided me with an
opportunity to figure out which
character we're gonna play as here I
think that we should do a Judas run and
we should do Judas negative which is
gonna be like I don't know dude I gotta
remember 1 HK PJ Toro feel like you ever
get the idea that there's like a punch
line somewhere in that string I just
can't figure it out for myself
j-200 dark bomb is like a million out of
ten here to start with all we need is
one and a half red hearts and we could
be off to the races not getting anything
there is a little bit of a bummer but
life goes on so the last run I've got to
worry a little bit about highway
blindness cuz the last run was like so
good it was greed Samson quad shot Plus
something ridiculous like we 19 damaged
or something like that right off the bat
we could die right here that was very
scary I was worried because I didn't
actually know if I had the the power to
the speed rather to dodge that guy over
and over but ended up getting lucky come
on give me a spirit art directly or give
me half a red heart and I'll pick it up
myself all right all right all right
all right we're gonna moon it up
buttercup baby just to let you down and
the reason behind that was hoping we get
something that actually provided us with
a little bit of value right off the bed
but like yeah there we go okay yeah okay
um I don't want to play the slot machine
yet it's possible we can get a red heart
it's also possible we could get you know
a bomb it's possible we can get a lot of
things you know there's there's myriad
options there as opposed but I want to
for now not spend our money because we
could get an arcade in the next floor we
could get a key and want to go to our
shop on this floor and possibly buy a
red heart as a result of that
these enemies don't seem that bad yet
[Music]
IED we asked myself because I think I
was incorrect take it take it I trust
you now just give me a half read hard
and let me cruise away to victory here
sure we won't have a book of belial to
fight the boss I'm putting all my hopes
and dreams on you thank you um we want
to book a Belial to fight the boss but I
think that's okay I would rather have
had it for that room which I think it's
a little bit more complicated we got
pretty lucky here though I think Larry
jr. please little horn not too bad
basic version of little horn I mean we
got four point seven two damage right
off the bat that's pretty solid all he
needs to do is hit himself like two
times with a bomb and then we don't
really have to do very much work at all
fact he's already quite nearly dead oh
come on Kyle that was a close one not
this one no chance this one maybe let's
go magic 8-ball kinda garbage but it
does come with a world card which is not
as relevant as the moon I think all
right so we're in basically dark bomb
and saved this run and I'm a little sad
that it had to save it as early as it
did but I'm happy that we got the item
that is gonna potentially enable our
victory here you got a look at these we
actually healed a little bit on taking
nine lives the item that we've been
looking for like endlessly but can't
seem to find in most situations but dude
nine lives now is incredible this has
every ability I would say at this point
to be a successful Judas run we've got
two really really good defensive items
nine lives actually is not just good
defensively but awesome as a utility
item for for trading into deals with the
devil without really it being too
destructive but tractor beam is
completely okay here mostly for the
tiers upgrade but you know there's
potential fringe benefits here as well
either way we're off to the races I
always love when a Judas run you know
comes together it's one of those lines
you always hear at the end of a movie
leather when a plan comes together I'm
beginning to think this is the beginning
of a beaut
whoo friendship roll credits
I want to I want to run something by you
my wife is in Japan right now attending
the game show in Tokyo not a Japanese
game show it's a game convinced anyway
the point is that's irrelevant
would it be weird no would it be weird
if I went and saw the horror movie it's
by myself I'm gonna run something by you
when I was younger sometimes one of my
things I would do in college wake up
early is Shawn like a Saturday or a
Sunday go see a movie my friends don't
want to see by myself you know
so like Friday night I'll hanging out
with my friends hey you guys want to go
see district 9 tomorrow with just open I
think it could revolutionize the sci-fi
genre and you know signal the heralding
of one of the young talents of the film
industry they snow that's stupid so okay
I wake up at 11 a.m.
go down watch the matinee by myself hey
you guys want to watch the follow-up to
Borat
I'm sure it's gonna be just as good if
not better no that's stupid that time
they were probably right
Bruno not necessarily a 10 out of 10 but
I had a fun time seeing that in the
theaters by myself nonetheless however
like I don't get bothered by eating
alone in a restaurant or being alone at
a movie theater but something about
watching a horror movie alone is weird
like I have become Jason Voorhees if I
go watch a horror movie by myself people
are gonna be like who's that guy with
nobody he's not with anybody's just
enjoying a film I know you guys are
probably watching this and you know
people ask you things like this all the
time
and in the same vein and you go sweetie
just do whatever you want to have
confidence it's not really where I'm
coming at this from I mean I'm not you
know I I'll go out and do it if I feel
like I want to do it but is it stranger
this is this is I meant trying to get to
the core of the of the human issue here
is it stranger to watch a horror movie
in theaters by yourself than it is to
watch a comedy or an action film for
example because you know usually Kate
and I we're late on the superhero train
but we go
we don't really care about Joker just
yet I guess but um we're late on the
superhero train but we did you know I'm
a fan of the Marvel films in particular
so we'll go you know see we saw
guardians of the galaxy - like six weeks
after it came out there were a couple
people in the theater that were just
sitting by themselves and I was like you
know what not at all weird totally
normal but if we went and saw like
trying to think what would be like the
weirdest movie to see by yourself
I guess the weirdest movie to see by
yourself would be if an adult went to
see like a middle-aged adult male saw a
bad coming-of-age film directed at young
girls that would definitely be the
creepiest one right like if if someone
was in the theater watching wall-e by
themselves he would be like it's a work
of art of course they can go see Wally
but if your uncle went to the multiplex
by himself and watched Sisterhood of the
Traveling Pants - you'd be like Uncle
Jerry what are you doing it's just it
sends a weird message I just really like
Amber Tamblyn that's that's what's weird
about it Jerry that's the weird part
see I knew there was some meat in there
there's some kind of social strangeness
to get to um so we just won this run so
you better hope the commentaries on
point otherwise it's a waste of our time
might as well just call the episode here
uh which is probably a cardinal sin of
entertainment just turn off your
televisions but I'm using reverse
psychology I can already tell it's gonna
be a true banger and you know what
fantastic you know what it's been a
while since we actually completed a
guppy transformation so I'm like very
for it and you know what I'm gonna take
all the I found pills pills why not dude
it's like we're taking fish oil every
anti-inflammatory regimen well just take
18 fish oil pills a day when you burp
it's gonna smell like cat food for the
rest of your life - a hearts not
relevant chariot so we actually should
take it a moment here because excuse me
sir
we should take a moment because we have
not done hush so this is actually like a
very very good run for us to do a very
very good run for us to do hush we're
already very strong we have seven damage
without using book of Belial which
obviously we've thrown away
you're a font chariot it's fine if
anything sack boys kind of slowing us
down here but you know I'm not really in
the business of complaining so we might
be able to get hush wait we should be
able to get hush would be a better way
to describe that I don't think much can
stop us there's nothing that a hundred
men or more could ever do the line is
always weird to me you know it's gonna
take a lot to drag me away from you
there's nothing that a hundred men or
more could ever do why if the number is
irrelevant why specifically a hundred
why why not like there's nothing anyone
at all could ever do I guess it sends
the message that even a crowd could not
stop him but I'm gonna be honest I think
a hundred men can stop you from doing
pretty much anything if they if they put
their mind to it you know the Supreme
Court is like nine people so imagine
like 11 Supreme Court's they could
overpower you physically even if you
were the World's Strongest Man which I
don't believe that the lead singer of
Toto is but it all comes back to this
great flight of the conchords lion in
the TV show not in the song you know
Bret writes a song about his prospective
girlfriend and he says you know I'd
climb the highest mountain for her and
then Jermaine goes well would you really
climb the highest mountain for and he
goes not it's a metaphor and Jermaine
says a metaphor for what and Bret says
for that I'd do anything for her and
then Jermaine says well would you climb
the highest mountain for and he says I
see your point I always thought that bit
was extremely good which is why I've
regaled it to you in such a monotone
sort of demeanor so that you could
appreciate it for yourself well this was
a bit of a whiff here I might have
wanted to reroll God's flesh but it
doesn't matter
I think we could save dice shard and
maybe use it to reroll boss rush for
example and get something dynamite out
of that we also have the potential to
save a lot of money right now which we
could actually use on our we can
actually use on our hush journey here
maybe re-roll all the items in boss rush
we roll all the items in the shop we
roll a double item room and when we go
down to the blue womb you know the
world's our oyster however we do have
another thing potentially on the table
that I didn't really talk about but we
could theoretically maybe knock out mega
Satan as well
no wait I was over I was under thinking
it I was like we could just go to the
self sacrifice room if we get enough HP
and then get teleported down but that
doesn't give us the mega Satan fight we
want the mega satan fight we're gonna
need dad's key and i don't know if we've
actually unlocked that or we could get
whatever the item is and I think it's
called duality it's been a while since
we've had it I don't even know if we've
unlocked it that gives us angel and
devil deals and then walk into the angel
deal instead and hope that that works
out for the best so I'm not gonna
min/max too much with this I'm just
gonna pop two of diamonds for the spare
18 cents the only reason we became guppy
was because of that Joker card so you
know we got to give some credit where
credit is due there but this is some of
the fastest that a run is popped off
recently post had pretty good item
immunity to explosions not likely to be
super relevant but if I'm being honest
when I look at this run right now I'm
thinking speed is I mean more damages
always lovely but speed is probably like
our number one concern here temporarily
at least if we can get to like 1.2 speed
no longer am i concerned the fact that
we can fly it's almost worth like you
know point to speed in and of itself but
just a little slow when it comes to to
dodging like to have a little bit more
quickness off the line I mean it's
definitely not worth paying 3 cents for
3 flies right now you know it's like I
want to be driving like a sports car but
instead I'm driving
a 2015 Ford Focus and don't get me wrong
I like the Ford Focus
you know we drive one it sits thus far
been a reliable automobile why not okay
we got what we paid for it lots of flies
out of it as well see we got in here
though oh that felt like it was gonna
freeze the game so we'll take little
delirium we'll go down to zero HP
because we can and then we'll grab this
and we want to make sure that we take
the negative that's coming up pretty
soon but you know this times I end up at
a stoplight we live in Vancouver BC a
lot of really really nice cars here
because you know when your neighbor owns
a Mercedes well you got to go get a
Porsche and now that you own a Porsche
he's gonna lease you know a Maserati and
now that you're leasing the Maserati
he's got a you know drive a McLaren f1
GTR you get the idea you know there's a
lot of keeping up with the Joneses here
so you know you're at a traffic light
you're next to a fancy sports car is
something like that put the pedal to the
metal the focus is like
the other cars are like right off the
bed like I we drove behind I think it
was a Ferrari I don't know what kind but
we were driving mind a Ferrari
downtown was going 30 kilometers now I'm
not insulting the Ferrari which I assume
considering that they're like you know
over a hundred thousand dollars each for
no regardless of what model it is I'm
assuming that they're a well-made the
machine but we're going like thirty
kilometers an hour you know like 20
miles an hour basically like 23 the
whole time it was going his is loud and
like rumbling in my chest and I was like
I didn't pay for that experience it's
like I'm stealing it I feel like I owe
him money for experiencing the true
power of what an automobile can be I
don't know if he had like an aftermarket
what's the opposite of a muffler you had
like a boom muffler on it I can't speak
to that cuz I'm just honestly pretty
ignorant about cars in general which i
think is gonna vindicate me at one point
it's been a while you know in high
school and I'm not suggesting that
liking cars is uncool at all I think
it's super cool I just have never found
myself in that camp because I'm like not
handy at all so I'll just pay someone 30
bucks to change my oil
what like a sucker but anyway I you know
in high school was always like kids with
their lifted trucks and stuff like that
they'd be like check it out
put a NOS canister on my ford f150 that
never happened to the best of my
knowledge but had a lot of people in my
high school that had those cars that
were so low to the ground that you had
to take like a 45 degree angle on every
speed bump because if you hit it too
like perpendicular you you could
possibly excrete your muffler on the
ground or something right
once self-driving cars become a thing
and and a lot of people I think by the
way are way too and
might be an idiot on this but I think a
lot of people are way too optimistic
about when that's gonna happen think of
you ask the average person on the
internet when self-driving cars are
gonna be the norm
they're like January I'm thinking like
2030 2035 their big purchases you know
you gotta you gotta test them like
extremely rigorously cuz people are
gonna be putting their lives and their
families lives in their hands I can't
just roll it out of like 2021 it's
illegal to drive unless you have a
self-driving car right but once they
become the norm and hopefully you know
sooner rather than later and it also
works wonder if people are gonna revise
their opinions about cars maybe maybe
not
okay so this is very important we don't
need that item when I'm saving guys
shirt because I might want to do boss
rush um make sure you take the negative
here extremely important make sure you
take the negative anyway it's a big
driving oh you mean that thing my
computer does for me man you ain't even
felt power until you felt 600 horsepower
of American steel under your foot yeah
whatever grandpa I just let Watson drive
for me I'm doing my taxes in the back of
the car right because that in the future
doing taxes is gonna be like a really
cool thing
definitely heck it's really cool already
I don't know maybe I'm out of touch
that's what and definitely I'm out of
touch I'm out of touch with both
generations you know both of the two
generations on planet Earth
cuz I'm like I'm not handy you know I'm
definitely not part of like my parents
and grandparents generation to the sense
that like you know if if my pipes broke
in my house I'd be like I'm not paying a
plumber I'm just gonna pay the plumber
I'm not I don't trust myself I'll go on
YouTube and figure out how to fix it
it's probably a productive attitude but
I'm scared of you know what I what I
could do to our internal system probably
avoid the rental agreement with my
landlord as well so I mean there might
be a savvy decision not to do that
but I don't know if I'm part of the
upcoming generation either like
generation people that are younger than
myself because I don't understand what
rappers are saying anymore and I feel
like like when I listen to modern-day
hip-hop and this is not me being a
naysayer at all when I listen to
modern-day hip-hop I feel like it's
incredibly progressive like I'm like
this is some weird like Lou Reed Metal
Machine music stuff and then I look at
it and it's like oh it went to number
one in 18 countries it's actually like
listening it's like going to an art
gallery for me like I just I sort of
lacked the ability to to judge it
appropriately
and I think that's kind of cool but I'm
also like it it's a sign of the times
for being out of touch I think can't we
just go back to the Illmatic era should
have taken that is there anything worth
taking in here no well I mean halo of
flies is pretty good but apart from that
we're gonna dice chard look for
something better these are all pretty
bad I will never go to bat to defend
broken modem
I think broken modem is like way more
trouble than it's worth anyway we're on
utero one year so I don't know I kind of
feel like I'm like I'm unstuck in time I
feel unique and that's good but then
also I don't know dude sometimes I I
wouldn't say I worry but I'm like I do
I'm a weird ish dude I think or at least
I am eccentric isn't even the right word
I'm looking for what's the word I'm
looking for
IDEO synchronic might be the word that I
would use like I think I got a unique
perspective on issues to begin with and
I've always sort of been that way like I
told the story but this is not the only
story but it's emblematic I think you
know when I was a kid my parents put me
in tennis lessons mmm to be part of the
aristocracy but you know the tennis
teacher who was a
a tennis player at least by our local
standards was teaching us hey here's how
you grip it for forehand here's how you
grip it for backhand and I just said
internally to myself I don't need to
know the backhand part what's the point
for hands better why don't I just use my
less strong hand to do it you know that
was always the approach that I took is
like you know I'm gonna I'm gonna do
things my own unique way I think I come
by it honestly
real talk I got kicked out of of kinder
gym or Gymboree and I forget which
proprietary physical education
after-school program it was when I was
three years old I kicked out a kinder
gentler what the teachers were telling
me despite being a cog in the corporate
machine in today's day and age you know
they'd be like hey do the bicycle kicks
I do the bicycle kicks and then they'd
be okay now like do the stretches and
I'm like I don't want to do the
stretches I just want to do bicycle
kicks why not right anyway the point is
I'm just saying this to illustrate not
holds up spork you know I am too penguin
of dune of dune I'm Topanga of doom so
random da ela XD XD etc etc however like
I'm idiosyncratic to begin with and I
got a weird job I almost worry if I'm
like socially isolating myself beyond
the point of of recovery sometimes like
I think I'm still okay when I go out in
public and I speak to normal people I I
can communicate with them effectively I
can you know get across what I want what
I believe that they can offer me in the
situation hey can I get the shoyu ramen
and a green tea please
look at that easy enough right but I I
don't know I worry that you can get out
of touch after like 10 years of doing
this job it's something that's hard for
people to relate to because it's still
relatively rare and weird as heck and by
what when I say at worry I'm not at
literally the thought just occurred to
me so let's not act as if it's a
enormous problem we gotta check this run
is going so well by the way and in fact
in the in keeping with the tradition of
recent runs it seems like it's gonna be
over like super fast which I don't
really eat you know I I like when an
Isaac video ends up being like 28 to 40
minutes long that's my ideal and I think
we're probably gonna be in there but
anything less than that and I'm like
feels like I wasn't really able to sink
my teeth into the into the meat of the
run like I'm missing part of the
conversational aspect any longer than
that my brain cannot hold it together
I'll be like it's almost like every
minute my you know internal temperature
goes up by like two tenths of a degree
Fahrenheit so I'm like downright
feverish by the end of a video which is
what people want to see most of the time
and I guess I can't understand that a
good trainwreck run every now and then
is fine where it gets really bad is when
you're like well you know I've got 45
minutes maybe I'll knock out an Isaac
episode and then it becomes a train
wreck run and you're like it's 11:40
p.m. I just want to hug my cats but I
can't because I've got 1.8 damage and
yet somehow also my rate of fire is 8
how does that even happen anyway it
looks like we're building a lot of
momentum here it makes me a very happy
camper this is very important do not
forget to pick up well no we already
have the negatives sorry do not forget
to go probably to the hush fight but
then after that you want to make sure
that you're going to show because if you
go to the cathedral you're gonna end up
feeling real silly when this episode
ends for now though it has been a while
since we've fought hush tractor-beam I
think is a pretty okay hush item nothing
is hard to hit to begin with I suppose
but
should take us back to full HP or close
to it be nice to generate a lot of
spiders don't pick that up yet they said
generate a lot of flies I should say
before we get going two of diamonds is a
lovely choice here you got their high
priestess not really necessary the Sun
not even good except in a mapping
context so let's pop the guys and then
that should purge curse of the blind use
the Sun as a map on the next floor we
actually we don't have permanent
polaroid invincibility we should look
for a black market that that would
change things like Guppies neither of
these items are gonna be relevant I
think we just have to accept that that's
the most likely outcome is that none of
those items are gonna be worth and none
of these items are gonna be worth
anything either but if we find a black
market nope
if we find a black market we could at
least get the HP to be worth something
so you can get a joker card we can get
the HP to be worth something this is a
it might be too little too late for
restock now that I think about it was
the Emperor I think you just keep the
emperor card and forget the sun card now
don't ever shoot at me please dim bulb
how much does dim bulb hook us up here
quite a lot actually okay I'll go with
that
we don't need to have diamonds in it
doesn't benefit us you might as well
become turbo guppy and then this should
be fine it's actually it's quite a
potent damage upgrade right off the bat
do we have is buddy in a box giving us
holy light shots in that case holy shot
that's good
please don't do monetize my video it was
a pun you know what puns are amour d
monetizable offense in my mind then
swearing to begin with but I don't make
the rules
all right so just keep it up here it
doesn't look like they're holy shots
unfortunately our Holy Light rather to
be less ambiguous I sort of don't
understand and this is going back to an
earlier topic of conversation the answer
this might just be anxiety and if that's
the case I don't want to appear ignorant
you know I have my own brand of anxiety
as well that I work through but you know
I guess it's different for everybody to
some extent uh I I don't understand
being anxious to see a movie in the
theatre by yourself it is mildly
uncommon I think but like watching a
movie at home by yourself not weird your
here's the analog you that you might use
you might say well yeah but it'd be
weird to kind of like like eating a meal
at home by yourself is not that unusual
but going out to a restaurant to get a
meal by yourself is a little unusual
perhaps but movies are different if
there's a movie I really want to see and
it just came out the only place to do so
mm-hmm is that the theater so you know
I'm it just came out it's not like I can
stay at home and watch it and I know
Enel have you heard of a DA ela Torrance
but you know that's I'm in the media
business would feel weird for me to not
support people making what appears to be
good media you know there's no other
option at that point if you want to if
you want to see the movie yourself I'd
like it's been almost decade I guess
since I've done it well maybe like eight
years
it's almost a decade in many ways but
going to the movie theater by yourself
is really nice I've told this story a
couple times as well but one time well
this is actually the Bruno story but my
friends were like hey you want to go to
the theater and see The Hangover and
this is not me being an intellectual is
oh the hangover mmm quite a juvenile
film the thing is that actually already
seen it twice in theaters so I was like
I'll go with you but I'm not gonna watch
The Hangover so I walked to the movie
theater and they are like four tickets
for The Hangover
please and I was like one ticket for
Bruno I hope the timeline on that
matches up I might have forgotten but
the trail has appeared in the basement
down please like there's I don't think
there's anything weird about going to
the movie theater by yourself Plus once
the lights dim who cares I'm just gonna
Emperor it up here you know nobody cares
is the answer but they care less than
you think and anybody who cares you're
going to see a movie by yourself as
being a big weirdo about it but what if
they think I have no friends what have
you do have no friends you still gotta
see movies dude we're all human beings
here it's a necessary part of life okay
that might be a little too far but by
the way if you're worried about eating
by yourself in a restaurant
don't be whenever I see someone eating
by themselves in a restaurant I think
more highly of them because I think that
they're like a business traveler and I'm
like dude not only is this man or woman
you know flying around doing important
business that meals probably getting
paid for by their boss when they get
back and fill out an expense report and
that's dope so that's it's my advice to
you you ever want to feel weird about
going to a restaurant alone nah Sun
people are actually gonna think more
highly of you if you're eating alone and
if you're eating with someone else just
make sure that you be super weird about
it and put on like the nicest suit you
have then even if people think you're
like a piece of garbage or even if you
are a piece of carpet I mean to say
people will think you're a big shot and
to be honest with you that's more
important like I said I'm a little
idiosyncratic and I don't really care
about getting the HP there I mean we
could fill it up we're gonna win this
run anyway I would this could be a
perfect run to also kill delirium on
perfect might be a stretch but it's a
very good run to kill delirium on
thank you there's some things I like
like to do alone even though I'm married
I love grocery shopping alone as weird
as that might sound because I buy what I
want and only what I want and I'm the
kind of guy who rushes through things I
you know many of you will probably
relate to this it's a bad habit this is
not something to be proud of and I want
to make that clear because I think it is
glamorized sometimes I probably
glamorized it when I was younger I am
still to this day the guy who like does
well in school but most of the marks I
lose are from just like not reading the
question fully I read like 40% of the
question and go I know the answer I
write it down and then you know I get
the test back and I lose a half mark on
the question and I'm like oh I just
didn't do the last thing they asked for
because I got overeager you know I
rushed things a little bit but at the
grocery store works out fairly well for
me I can be in and out of the grocery
store in like you know less than ten
minutes including lining up paying
etcetera etcetera and there's a
different dynamic you know when you go
grocery shopping with someone else you
go grocery shopping with your spouse you
probably in my case probably get better
stuff get a more well-balanced diet for
sure because when I go to the grocery
store I'm buying matter and energy and
and Kate is buying meals which is
whatever it works better that way I
think I'm just like yeah this is
mathematically enough calories to get me
through the next six days and she's like
this would make a great chicken
cacciatore don't get me wrong I'm not
admonishing my spouse there in fact I'm
I'm building her up which is a smart
thing to do I don't really want the
boomerang there oh I thought we had it
but I love grocery shopping by myself
because it's just it's bastard even if
you end up getting less out of it you
know you you can enforce your own values
on this situation
I'll take Black Lotus even though it
probably does not matter at all it
definitely does not matter at all
actually alright so the real game plan
here is it would be sick this is why I'm
not using the strength card if we could
get the Delirium fight the void floor a
better way to describe it perhaps no not
yet we'll do that at a future date kind
of stinks though we got the unlock but
we're gonna have to do the victory lap
later but we got the curved horn golden
God has been achieved I didn't expect
that I guess we filled up enough
post-its are like the first six
characters have all got their post-its
relatively filled to rebirth levels
either way though thanks for watching it
because I'm enjoy the episode if you did
click the like button it upside a great
deal of course subscribe you want to see
more in the future for now though thanks
for watching and I will see you next
time